This is now an import and a bit more advanced module for all this course you learn a lot about JavaScript
and a lot about the important things that make up the language.
Now if you want to be a developer no matter if it's JavaScript or something else you also need to be
able to solve more or less complex problems and therefore you need to be able to work out algorithms
and work with data structures.
Or as I also like to put it you need to be able to think logically and also to find the best solution
for a given problem.
This is what this module is about and you could easily create an entire course about data structures
and algorithms.
As it turns out and does of course is not the goal here but this will be a introductory module where
we dive into this topic quite deeply.
So did you know how to get started and build upon this to learn all you need to learn about that topic.
Now what specifically is inside this module though.
We'll have a look at the what and why.
What exactly are algorithms and data structures and why do we need them.
But then of course we'll all learn about them learn some example algorithms and also explore how we
can compare different solutions against each other.
For Dad we'll dive into something which is called time complexity and the Big O notation does will help
us measure the performance you could say of an algorithm and will help us make the decision on the best
algorithm the best solution for a given problem.
Well and of course we'll have a look at a couple of examples.
We'll build a couple of algorithms to gather from scratch.
So did you get a feeling for how it is works and how you should think about us to solve common problems
stair well.
With that.
Let's dive right in and understand what exact the algorithms and data structures are and why we need
them.